✨ New Documentation (No large files!) ✨ (#911)
ibi-group/datatools-ui: docs/user/editor/routes.md

- **route_short_name:** Name of the service/route, this may just be a number
- **route_long_name:** The full name of the route, often including the origin and destination
- **route_type:** The type of vehicle/transport used on the route

The following fields are optional:

- **agency_id:** The agency identifier from the defined agencies. Generally this field is automatically populated. 
- **route_desc:** A description of the route, do not simply repeat the information in ‘Long name’
- **route_sort_order:** Orders the routes for presentation to GTFS consumers. Routes with smaller route_sort_order values should be displayed first
- **route_url:** A link to a webpage with information on the specific route, such as the timetable
- **route_color:** If a route has a color (for use in trip planners etc) it can be assigned here
- **route_text_color:** If a route has a text color (for use in trip planners etc) it can be assigned here
- **Is route wheelchair accessible?** Either "Yes", "No", or "No Information"
- **Route branding URL:** A link to a webpage with route branding information
- **Route branding asset:** A route image

> Once all the required fields, and any of the desired optional fields, are filled in click `Save`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all the required fields and any of the desired optional fields are filled in, click `Save`.
```

# Routes

> ## Terminology

Reviewer 2: I don't think this or the `Routes` subtitle below is necessary, I would remove them

### Routes

> In GTFS, a route is a group of trips that follow the same sequence of stops, but may have different stop times. It's identified by a unique route_id and contains information such as the route name, type, and operating agency. For more information, view the [GTFS specification route reference](https://gtfs.org/schedule/reference/#routestxt)

Reviewer 2: I would modify this a bit. 
```suggestion
In GTFS, a route is a group of trips that follow one or more patterns and operate throughout a service day. It is identified by a unique route_id and contains information such as the route name, type, and operating agency. For more information, view the [GTFS specification route reference](https://gtfs.org/schedule/reference/#routestxt)
```
